Fix labels from Terragrunt on contributing (#85)
gruntwork-io/cloud-nuke: _docs/rfc/TEMPLATE.md

> # RFC Template

Reviewer: Is there a link leading to the RFC template? If not, consider adding one in `CONTRIBUTING.md`

Author: Yes! It's on line 28.

> This is a template you can use for proposing new major features to Terragrunt. When creating a new RFC, copy this

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is a template you can use for proposing new major features to `cloud-nuke`. When creating a new RFC, copy this
```

template and fill in each respective section.

**STATUS**: In proposal _(This should be updated when you open a PR for the implementation)_

## Background

> This section should describe why you need this feature in Terragrunt. This should include a description of:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This section should describe why you need this feature in `cloud-nuke`. This should include a description of:
```

- The problem you are trying to solve.

> - The reason why Terraform can't solve this problem, or data points that suggest there is a long enough time horizon for

Reviewer: Maybe remove this bullet point?

sure to include code samples so that it is clear how users are intended to use the solution you are proposing!

Note: This section can be left blank in the initial PR, if you are unsure what the best solution is. In this case,
include all the possible solutions you can think of as a part of the `Alternatives` section below. You can fill this
section out once you feel confident in a potential approach after discussion on the PR.

## Alternatives

This section should describe various options for resolving the problem stated in the `Background` section. Be sure to
include various alternatives here and not just the one you are ultimately proposing. This helps communicate what
tradeoffs you are making in picking your solution. Any reasonably complex problem that requires an RFC have multiple
solutions that appear to be valid, so it helps to be explicit about why certain solutions were not chosen.

## References

This section should include any links that are helpful for background reading such as:

- Relevant issues
- Links to PRs: at a minimum, the initial PR for the RFC, and the implementation PR.

> - Links to Terragrunt releases, if the proposed solution has been implemented.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Links to `cloud-nuke` releases, if the proposed solution has been implemented.
```
